# jetbrains-plugin-watcher

This SAM application uses several AWS resources. These resources are defined in the `template.yaml` file in this project.

- Lambda function (WatcherFunction)
  - Triggered by EventBridge
  - Calls jetbrains API to fetch the plugin info. Stores the summary in DynamoDB. When the summary is changed, push the summary to your LINE account.
  - Even if the summary is not changed, it still sends the summary to LINE every day at 10AM JST.
    - This 10AM check has been removed. See the commit "Remove is10AMNow".
- DynamoDB (WatcherMessage)
  - Stores a key "previousMessage"
- EventBridge (WatcherFunctionEvery5MinutesSchedule)
  - Every 5 minutes, triggers the lambda function
- SecretsManager
  - Stores LINE Access Token and LINE User ID

## Folder structure

This project contains source code and supporting files for a serverless application that you can deploy with the SAM CLI. It includes the following files and folders.

- handler - Code for the application's Lambda function written in TypeScript.
- events - Invocation events that you can use to invoke the function. It simulates an event coming from EventBridge to the lambda function.
- handler/tests - Unit tests for the application code. 
- template.yaml - A template that defines the application's AWS resources.

## Commands

To build the application, use `sam build`.

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `handler/package.json`, compiles TypeScript with esbuild, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

```bash
sam build
```

To deploy the application, use `sam deploy`.

```bash
sam deploy
```

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
sam logs -n WatcherFunction --stack-name jetbrains-plugin-watcher --tail
```

To delete the sample application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
sam delete --stack-name jetbrains-plugin-watcher
```

## Unit tests

Tests are defined in the `handler/tests` folder in this project. Use NPM to install the [Jest test framework](https://jestjs.io/) and run unit tests.

```bash
jetbrains-plugin-watcher$ cd handler
handler$ npm install
handler$ npm run test
```
